---
title: "Finding my unclaimed property"
date: 2022-05-06T09:40:03-05:00
tags: ["lifestream"]
---

I just finished listening to the [Escheat show](https://www.npr.org/2022/05/04/1096726920/escheat-show-classic) on NPR's Planet money, and learned all about Escheat Law (process?)

Escheat is a process where seamingly "abandoned" properties is reported to the state for the owner to claim it--sort of a lost-and-found for the state residences.

I searched my name and found 70$ from an old savings account. That's pretty cool.

I recommend everyone do this. Google "unclaimed property <state>" and skip the first ad-supported link or two.

More than money can be Echeated; personal proerty, lockboxes, stocks and bonds, pretty much anything that can be considered "abandoned"

The NPR story follows the unfortunate side of Escheat. TL:DR; a man bought an Amazon stock in the late 90s on ETrade and left it alone for 20 years. Because he didn't log in it was Eceated in 2008, _and the stock was sold at market value at that time_, so the man who would've had $100k now has $8k in cash (a profit of $2k). Oy I can't believe it.

Keep track of your accounts I guess?!

### How I'm keeping track of my acconuts

- **TrueBill** is an app that keeps track of your subscriptons, you can also link most accounts. It's pretty good, but I suspect it will go downhill in the next 5 years (the same way every multi-accounts managment app have since its Genisis with Mint).
- **Financial Managers** - Most of my accounts are managed by a Fiduciary. Having an actual team of qualified humans watching accounts is well worth the couple thousand dollars it costs.
- **Manual checking is in my routine** - I have a weekly, monthly, quarterly, and yearly routine, and checking on my accounts is the monthly one, so I don't think any of my accounts is likely to be Escheated.

_P.S. This is a "lifestream" post, where I just write for no particular audiance. I've found writting out thoughts to be extreamly powerful in my personal life, and I want to start snapshotting thoughts in time. I bet it will be interesting to look back on one day._

